Wjax 2018 (#93)
karakun/karakun.github.io: _posts/2018-11-04-wjax-2018.md

---
layout: post

> title:  'Karakun at wjax 2018'

Reviewer: W-JAX ist ein Name und wird vom Veranstalter immer "W-JAX" geschrieben, das sollten wir dann auch so übernehmen.
```suggestion
title:  'Karakun at W-JAX 2018'
```

author: hendrik
featuredImage: mic

> excerpt: 'The wjax conference takes place next week in Munich and we will do some sessions at the conference and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
excerpt: 'The W-JAX conference takes place next week in Munich and we will do some sessions at the conference and 
```

> organize some additional events in Munich. Even you you can not attend the conference we would love to invite you to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
organize some additional events in Munich. Even if you cannot attend the conference we would love to invite you to
```

> a hackathon about react.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a hackathon about [React](https://reactjs.org/).'
```

categories: [Conferences, Java, React, JavaScript]
header:
  image: post
---

> Between the 5th and 9th of November the [w-jax](https://jax.de) takes place in Munich and some people from Karakun

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Between the 5th and 9th of November the [W-JAX](https://jax.de) takes place in Munich and some people from Karakun
```

> will attend the conference as visitors and speakers. Next to this we prepaired some additional events around the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will attend the conference as visitors and speakers. Next to this we prepared some additional events around the 
```

conference.

### Conference sessions

> Let's start with the talks that Karakun will do at w-jax. We are happy to announce that we will have 3 sessions at 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's start with the talks that Karakun will do at W-JAX. We are happy to announce that we will have 3 sessions at 
```

> w-jax this year:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
W-JAX this year:
```

* [Java APIs: The Missing Manual](https://jax.de/core-java-jvm-languages/java-apis-the-missing-manual/)
* [Web-APIs: Das ultimative Handbuch](https://jax.de/web-development-javascript/web-apis-das-ultimative-handbuch/)
* [Progressive Web Apps mit der Service Worker API](https://jax.de/web-development-javascript/progressive-web-apps-mit-der-service-worker-api/)

### Free React Nighthacking

> Next to the sessions at w-jax we organized a free nighthacking event in Munich together with 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next to the sessions at W-JAX we organized a free nighthacking event in Munich together with 
```

> [Eppleton](https://eppleton.de). Our JavaScript expert [Simon Skoczylas](/people/simon.html), will do a free react 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Eppleton](https://eppleton.de). Our JavaScript expert [Simon Skoczylas](/people/simon.html), will do a free React 
```

> nighthacking in the office space of eppleton at the 7th of November. You can register yourself 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nighthacking in the office space of Eppleton in the evening of November, 7th. You can register yourself 
```

[here](https://eppleton.de/kurse/react-nighthacking-mit-simon-skoczylas-eintritt-frei_55.html).

### Socialize
Next to all this sessions we would love to socialize with you. Maybe you are interessted in Karakun, our technical

> topics or our how to [start a carreer at Karakun](/you-at-karakun/). Or you just want to get some of our new stickers ;)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
topics or to learn about [starting a carreer at Karakun](/you-at-karakun/). Or you just want to get some of our new stickers ;)
```
